Getting started - copy from wiki page (#8934)
OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react: apps/fabric-website/src/pages/Overviews/GetStartedPage/docs/web/GetStartedDevelop.md

# Getting Started with UI Fabric

> The UI Fabric library is really easy to use! To get started, make sure you have the latest LTS node.js installed:

Author: I replaced with some simpler. Maybe you'll like it better?

> - https://nodejs.org

Author: I'm skipping this list. I feel it is redundant. The instructions are not that long, so I'm leaving it.

> After you have downloaded and installed this, simply run this command in a folder in which you want to have the project created:

Reviewer: Might be good to have a heading before this (but not sure what it would say)

Author: just get to the meat already :)

```
npm init uifabric
```

It'll prompt you for a project name. For example, if you chose to create a project called `my-app`, you can start working on the project like this:

```
npm start
```

> This scaffold uses the [`just`](https://github.com/microsoft/just) build library. It is very flexible and requires no "eject" script to allow for customization on its configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This scaffold uses the [`just`](https://github.com/microsoft/just) build library. It is very flexible and requires no "eject" script to allow customizing configuration.
```

The UI Fabric library is really easy to use! To get started, make sure you have the latest LTS node.js installed:

- https://nodejs.org

After you have downloaded and installed this, you can pick one of the following ways to quickly start exploring UI Fabric.

## Easy Mode

Simply run this command in a folder in which you want to have the project created:

```shell
npm init uifabric
```

It'll prompt you for a project name. For example, if you chose to create a project called `my-app`, you can start working on the project like this:

```shell
npm start
```

This scaffold uses the [`just`](https://github.com/microsoft/just) build library. It is very flexible and requires no "eject" script to allow for customization on its configurations.

## Create React App

UI Fabric also provides a precanned `create-react-app` version of the above application due to its popularity and community support.

Clone or fork this repo: https://github.com/kenotron/create-react-app-uifabric

```shell

> git clone https://github.com/kenotron/create-react-app-uifabric.git my-app

Reviewer: Should add a link to install git

cd my-app

> yarn

Reviewer: This assumes they have Yarn installed.

yarn start
```

## Gatsby.js

To create blazing fast React websites and apps using UI Fabric and Gatsby.js, use the following starter kit:

```shell
npm install -g gatsby-cli

> gatsby new gatsby-site kenotron/gatsby-starter-uifabric

Reviewer: This assumes they have gatsby installed

Reviewer 2: Line 41 is installing gatsby-cli, so this should be fine.

cd gatsby-site
gatsby develop
```

> You can even read about how to deploy this to the cloud in one click here:

Reviewer: The link should be integrated into the text, rather than showing a bare link on its own line

https://github.com/kenotron/gatsby-starter-uifabric#-deploy

## Next Steps

> If you are interested in learning more about how to use UI Fabric, here are few resources:

Reviewer: This should probably be a paragraph, not a list, and lead with the controls. Something like:

`Now you're ready to [explore Fabric controls](#/controls/web) and use them in your app. To learn more about developing and testing Fabric React apps, see the day 2 and bonus sections of this [frontend bootcamp material](https://microsoft.github.io/frontend-bootcamp/).`
